Adding 00-reference to build azimuth kidney reference (#706)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: analyses/cell-type-wilms-tumor-06/results/README.md

Files in the results directory should not be directly committed to the repository.

Instead, copy results files to an S3 bucket and add a link to the S3 location in this README file.

# Azimuth compatible fetal kidney reference

To perform label transfer using Azimuth and the fetal kidney atlas, a reference is build (in 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd) using the fetal_full.Rds object download from :
"https://datasets.cellxgene.cziscience.com/40ebb8e4-1a25-4a33-b8ff-02d1156e4e9b.rds"

> The result of 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd can be found in the S3 bucket name researcher-maud-p-us-east-2 names ref.Rds and idx.annoy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd can be found in the S3 bucket name `researcher-008971640512-us-east-2` named ref.Rds and idx.annoy
```

Files in the results directory should not be directly committed to the repository.

Instead, copy results files to an S3 bucket and add a link to the S3 location in this README file.

# Azimuth compatible fetal kidney reference

To perform label transfer using Azimuth and the fetal kidney atlas, a reference is build (in 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd) using the fetal_full.Rds object download from :
"https://datasets.cellxgene.cziscience.com/40ebb8e4-1a25-4a33-b8ff-02d1156e4e9b.rds"

> The result of 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd can be found in the S3 bucket name `researcher-008971640512-us-east-2` named ref.Rds and idx.anno

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result of 00_fetal_reference_kidney.Rmd can be found in the S3 bucket name `researcher-008971640512-us-east-2` named ref.Rds and idx.annoy
```
